Initial implementation of v2 gcloud action (#1)
GoogleCloudPlatform/github-actions: CONTRIBUTING.md

(even if it was for a different project), you probably don't need to do it
again.

## Branching Model

This repository uses the [Gitflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow) branching model.

Use of the [git flow](https://github.com/nvie/gitflow) git extension is recommended.

## Code reviews

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review. We
use GitHub pull requests for this purpose. Consult
[GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) for more
information on using pull requests.

## Style Guide

> This project conforms to the [Google Java Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html). All submitted PRs will be required to conform to this style guide before being merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project conforms to the [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html). All submitted PRs will be required to conform to this style guide before being merged.
```
